feat: support Cloud SQL's new field `server_ca_mode`. (#11331)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/sql_database_instance.html.markdown

    * For MySQL instances, use the same value pairs as the PostgreSQL instances.
    * For SQL Server instances, set it to `ALLOW_UNENCRYPTED_AND_ENCRYPTED` when `require_ssl=false` and `ENCRYPTED_ONLY` otherwise.

> * `server_ca_mode` - (Optional) Specify how the server certificate's Certificate Authority is hosted. Supported values are `GOOGLE_MANAGED_INTERNAL_CA`, and `GOOGLE_MANAGED_CAS_CA`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `server_ca_mode` - (Optional) Specify how the server certificate's Certificate Authority is hosted. Supported value is `GOOGLE_MANAGED_INTERNAL_CA`.
```
